the special effects supervisor for
Ironman and Tron just literally told me
flat-out I don't know what you're doing
but I want to be a product designer
[Music]
hey guys my name is SATA here with
yesterday to show you a little magic
today I'm a music artist and I make
wearables the idea came from Michael
Jackson you know he had a pretty novel
glove but if all of his movement had
functional purpose so if he did
something like this it like stutters the
drums or it affects his voice I ended up
doing some research to see if there are
existing things people have definitely
done their own DIY versions but not
quite the way I was imagining so I just
ended up drafting up something and
forwarded it to one of my homies she was
like this is very doable and it just
brought it to life I went to school at
Berklee College of Music and the first
week in my dorm my dad calls me up it
was like oh actually we're not gonna
support your excellent career I was like
damn I'm actually like here like I'm
inside this so I ended up reconnecting
with my mom and she was like know what
I'm just gonna turn up this year and
you're gonna have a first year at
Berkeley College that gesture still has
affected me to this day I only went to
Berkeley for one year I continued
development with the glove and one of my
songwriting friends connected me to come
to NASA and I ended up doing an
interview with them I'm a multimedia
music artist that goes by the name of
SATA and following that the special
effects supervisor for Iron Man and Tron
just literally told me flat out I don't
know what you're doing
but I want to be a product designer I
eventually got alcohol with them and I
was trying to explain to him like I'm
just working but he didn't seem to mind
he he told me that he really sees the
vision that kind of
did where I thought I was going so I
ended up founding Santa tech that is the
umbrella for my wearable products as
well as some artificial intelligence
most people think I'm going to go to
school and master a craft and that's
what you do for the rest of your life
to me if there's something I've never
seen before but it excites me I want to
learn it and I feel like that's
something that we don't instill a lot of
kids with just because somebody doesn't
understand doesn't mean it's not right
for you move confidently with what you
feel oh yeah do that
doing something
[Music]